Israeli forces killed at least 274
Palestinians during the operation to
free four captives large parts of our
nerat refugee camp were destroyed
hundreds of people were injured hanim
Mahmud spoke to Palestinians who were in
the camp during the
assault local residents of this
residential blog just described the
horror that they experien as of
yesterday as more of a muscle flexing
show where the Israeli military and its
Special Forces condu Ed what it is
stated as a precise operation here but
leaving it Trails of Destruction to all
means of life here at at the heart of a
refugee
camp I went out to the balcony to take a
look and found a truck carrying
furniture for displaced people it was
filled with mattresses and blankets
suddenly people clad in Black clothing
and helmets got out of the truck
carrying ladders which they used to try
to enter the house across the street
the moment I went down to the street I
found bodies everywhere so I hi in my
neighbor's house the Special Forces
soldiers left the house after executing
the doctor and his children they killed
them all execution style following these
executions the Special Forces soldiers
went down to the street and executed
everybody 24 hours since the Israeli
military committed a massacre in an
refugee camp and the Israeli military is
still continuing with its rapid Mass
killing of Civilian they're saying
there's nobody looking at us no one is
nobody cares about what's going to
Palestinians and their children across
the Gaza Strip that's what they're
complaining about they're being killed
at a record number and no one is
intervening to save their life and to
protect them from the unpredictable
Fallen
bombs make sure to Subs subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer